New docs: add new entry for TiDB DM and TiDB in Kubernetes (#7166) (#7247)
pingcap/docs: tidb-in-kubernetes.md

---
title: Deploy a TiDB Cluster in Kubernetes
summary: Learn how to deploy a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes.
aliases: ['/docs/tidb-in-kubernetes/dev/']
---

# Deploy a TiDB Cluster in Kubernetes

You can use [TiDB Operator](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator) to deploy TiDB clusters in Kubernetes. TiDB Operator is an automatic operation system for TiDB clusters in Kubernetes. It provides full life-cycle management for TiDB including deployment, upgrades, scaling, backup, fail-over, and configuration changes. With TiDB Operator, TiDB can run seamlessly in the Kubernetes clusters deployed on a public or private cloud.

> For the current TiDB release, the compatible version of TiDB Operator is v1.2.
> 
> Currently, the TiDB in Kubernetes documentation is independent of the TiDB documentation. For detailed steps on how to deploy TiDB clusters in Kubernetes using TiDB Operator, see [TiDB in Kubernetes documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/v1.2/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the current TiDB release, the compatible versions of TiDB Operator include v1.2 and v1.1. It is recommended to use TiDB Operator v1.2.

Currently, the TiDB in Kubernetes documentation is independent of the TiDB documentation. For detailed steps on how to deploy TiDB clusters in Kubernetes using TiDB Operator, see the following links:

- [TiDB in Kubernetes documentation for TiDB Operator v1.2](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/v1.2/)
- [TiDB in Kubernetes documentation for TiDB Operator v1.1](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/v1.1/)
```
